NEW_TOKEN contains globally unique values (#3281)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-transport.md

A token issued with NEW_TOKEN MUST NOT include information that would allow
values to be linked by an on-path observer to the connection on which it was
issued, unless the values are encrypted.  For example, it cannot include the

> previous connection ID or addressing information.  Each NEW_TOKEN frame MUST

Reviewer: ```suggestion
unencrypted previous connection ID or addressing information.  Each NEW_TOKEN frame MUST
```

> be unique among all connections to that server, unless the frame is sent to

Reviewer 2: Sorry for being pedantic, but this is a MUST and the requirement doesn't seem clear. First, this reads like a requirement on the client. If so,
- Does this imply that a client has to maintain and check _all_ NEW_TOKEN frames issued by every server for a long enough period of time?
- How would a client know whether a received NEW_TOKEN frame is a repair of a lost NEW_TOKEN frame?

If it's not meant to be a requirement on the client, how about "A server MUST ensure that every NEW_TOKEN frame it sends is unique across all clients, with the exception of those sent to repair loss of a previously sent NEW_TOKEN frame." 

Also, add a recommendation on what a client should do if it detects a server repeating NEW_TOKEN frames.

Reviewer 2: (I'm ok with not having a client response to detecting dups ... I don't expect clients to be detecting this.)

Author: No, there is no obligation to check.  Do you think that we need to say as much?

The client should only see duplicates if there is a spurious loss detected by the server.

I like your suggested text and will use that.  The duplicate detection is already described on [line 5073](https://github.com/quicwg/base-drafts/pull/3281/files#diff-db016291106766877c4921a79f8596e0R5073).

> include a globally unique value, unless the frame is sent to repair loss of a

Reviewer 2: "globally unique" is too vague.  How about "unique to the connection"?

> packet containing the same value.  Information that allows the server to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
previously sent NEW_TOKEN frame.  Information that allows the server to
```

> of those sent to repair loss of a previously sent NEW_TOKEN frame.  Information

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
of those sent to repair losses of previously sent NEW_TOKEN frames.  Information
```
